README.md, before:

# Objective acceleration and nonlinear GMRES for unconstrained optimization

This repository contains implementations of two optimization acceleration algorithms
discussed in *A.N. Riseth. Objective acceleration for unconstrained optimization, 2017*

The code contains modifications of the original Matlab code provided by Hans De Sterck on his
[website](http://www.hansdesterck.net/Publications-by-topic/nonlinear-preconditioning-for-nonlinear-optimization).

**All references to N-GMRES-O in the code correspond to the O-ACCEL algorithm in _A. N. Riseth. Objective acceleration for unconstrained optimization_**

## Requirements
These files require the [Poblano toolbox](https://software.sandia.gov/trac/poblano) for MATLAB to run.

## List of relevant files

**`ngmres.m`** The N-GMRES algorithm as implemented by De Sterck

**`ngmres_o.m`** The Objective Acceleration algorithm by Riseth,
following the same structure as `ngmres.o`.


**`ngmres_test_general.m`** Provides convergence plots for the
different algorithms.
To show convergence plots for an instance of Problem A, with n=200, call
``` matlab
ngmres_test_general(0,1,200,400,true)
```

**`runme_writestats.m`** Runs 1000 instances of each test problem and
writes the statistics to file in the directory `data`.

**`ngmres_test_tensor_CP.m`** Provides convergence plots for the
different algorithms on the tensor CP decomposition problem.
To show convergence plots for an instance of the problem, call
``` matlab
ngmres_test_tensor_CP(0,600,true)
```


## BibTeX reference for article:
```
@article{riseth2017objective,
   author = {Riseth, Asbj{\o}rn N.},
    title = "{Objective acceleration for unconstrained optimization}",
  journal = {ArXiv e-prints},
archivePrefix = "arXiv",
   eprint = {1710.05200},
 primaryClass = "math.OC",
 keywords = {Mathematics - Optimization and Control, Mathematics - Numerical Analysis, 49M05, 65B99, 65K10},
     year = 2017,
    month = oct,
   adsurl = {http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017arXiv171005200N},
  adsnote = {Provided by the SAO/NASA Astrophysics Data System}
}
```

Commit message:

Create files for running tensor problem stats

README.md, after:

# Objective acceleration and nonlinear GMRES for unconstrained optimization

This repository contains implementations of two optimization acceleration algorithms
discussed in *A.N. Riseth. Objective acceleration for unconstrained optimization, 2017*

The code contains modifications of the original Matlab code provided by Hans De Sterck on his
[website](http://www.hansdesterck.net/Publications-by-topic/nonlinear-preconditioning-for-nonlinear-optimization).

**All references to N-GMRES-O in the code correspond to the O-ACCEL algorithm in _A. N. Riseth. Objective acceleration for unconstrained optimization_**

## Requirements
These files require the [Poblano toolbox](https://software.sandia.gov/trac/poblano) for MATLAB to run.

## List of relevant files

**`ngmres.m`** The N-GMRES algorithm as implemented by De Sterck

**`ngmres_o.m`** The Objective Acceleration algorithm by Riseth,
following the same structure as `ngmres.o`.


**`ngmres_test_general.m`** Provides convergence plots for the
different algorithms.
To show convergence plots for an instance of Problem A, with n=200, call
``` matlab
ngmres_test_general(0,1,200,400,true)
```

**`runme_writestats.m`** Runs 1000 instances of each test problem and
writes the statistics to file in the directory `data`.

**`ngmres_test_tensor_CP.m`** Provides convergence plots for the
different algorithms on the tensor CP decomposition problem.
To show convergence plots for an instance of the problem, call
``` matlab
ngmres_test_tensor_CP(0,600,true)
```

**`runme_writestats_tensor_CP.m`** Runs 1000 instances the tensor CP problem and
writes the statistics to file in the directory `data`.


## BibTeX reference for article:
```
@article{riseth2017objective,
   author = {Riseth, Asbj{\o}rn N.},
    title = "{Objective acceleration for unconstrained optimization}",
  journal = {ArXiv e-prints},
archivePrefix = "arXiv",
   eprint = {1710.05200},
 primaryClass = "math.OC",
 keywords = {Mathematics - Optimization and Control, Mathematics - Numerical Analysis, 49M05, 65B99, 65K10},
     year = 2017,
    month = oct,
   adsurl = {http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2017arXiv171005200N},
  adsnote = {Provided by the SAO/NASA Astrophysics Data System}
}
```
